All files related to flashcards are stored in assets/flashcards.

There are two types of flashcards stored: those for letter forms and those for
pictures/words. In the physical flashcard, the picture/word flashcard is also
split up into just an picture, both an picture and a word, and just a word - these
can be derived from just an picture/word flashcard.

All paths are relative to the flashcards directory.

Different flashcard levels also have different border colours.

flashcards.csv:
    This file contains information for the total set of flashcards. It is
    formatted as comma-separated values with fields for:
    - id
        A unique decimal integer identifier for every flashcard

    - level
        The main level for the flashcard (1, 2, 3, 4 or 5)

    - sublevel
        The sublevel for the flashcard, e.g level 1.2 has sublevel 2

    - type
        The type of a flashcard:
            - 0
                A letter forms flashcard
            - 1
                An picture/word flashcard

    - image1
        The is the first image related to the flashcard. In a letter form
        flashcard, this is the first/only form to show. In a picture/word
        flashcard, this is the picture to show.

    - image2
        This is the second image related to the flashcard. In a letter form
        flashcard, this is the second form to show, or blank if there is only
        one form to show. In a picture/word flashcard, this is the word to
        show.

flashcardtxt.csv:
    This file contains the words corresponding to the ids of certain
    flashcards. It is formatted as comma-separated values with fields for:
    - id
        A unique decimal integer identifier for the corresponding flashcard

    - word
        An Arabic string for the word to display with the corresponding
        flashcard

colours.csv:
    This file contains the colours for each flashcard level, formatted
    as comma-separated values. It has the fields:
    - level
        The main level of the colour (1, 2, 3, 4 or 5)

    - sublevel
        The sublevel of the colour, e.g. level 1.2 has sublevel 2

    - colour
        The associated colour, stored as an RGB hex value (e.g. 0xffffff)
    
contents/*.svg:
    These files are svgs for the contents of flashcards, referred to in
    flashcards.csv
